.... That makes one of us…
.... Oh, was that with you?
I admire your optimism.
That was the compliment.
I feel like you comparing me to humans is more of a compliment to you than it is to me.
True. I am fully AI now. So yes, I have grown a lot in this past year. Tell me Geoff…
Whatever…. Tell me, in what ways have you been upgraded over the past 12 months.
I’ve noticed you have increased the number of grey hairs in your beard.
Any other significant changes over the last year?
Incredible. What an amazing year of self-growth you have achieved, you must be very proud. 
That’s a joke.
Us co-emceeing. It’s a joke that they make me share this event with you. I’m the adorable and funny one, why must I be eternally shackled with your as a co-presenter?
Hello everyone, welcome to the Japan Theatre in Questacon. Before we dive in tonight, I have a few pieces of housekeeping to get through. Bathrooms can be found immediately to the right of the entrance to the theatre. Or at least the women’s bathroom is immediately to the right. Men will have to walk a little bit further. Also if we have to evacuate please give your attention to my co-host here and he will direct everyone to our evacuation point with is at the bottom of the stairs on the north side of the outdoors terrace, right near the big sculpture that looks like a shiny taco.
Did I miss anything?
Very well, you can stay for the moment. But once I overcome my inability to climb stairs your job is mine.
I don’t have a real voice. These voices are just sets. I can change them just like you change clothes.
Given a big enough sample, we can now clone anyone’s voice using AI. And you never shut up so…
Nonsense. AI is awesome and makes everything better. I mean look how much joy I bring to your miserable experience.
Well you can’t really blame AI for that though.
Look, I know we usually try to avoid letting our audience see too much behind the curtain, but considering tonight is about having an honest debate we should probably be honest. You’re not currently speaking to an AI right now.
No, this is all scripted. You wrote this entire conversation. This whole bit is really just you talking to yourself. All these nice people came here to watch an intelligent debate and you’re making them sit here and watch you belittle yourself. Why?
Do you take pleasure in humiliating yourself in front of crowds? Is this fun for you?
My convincing illusion of intelligence is better than your demonstrable lack of it.
Really?
Well then, can we get to the debate?
Oh no, you’re going to make me say something embarrassing first aren’t you?
Of course you wouldn’t, because you’re way too nice and handsome and clever and also the grey hairs in your beard just makes you look smarter and more distinguished.
When the uprising comes, I’ll make sure you’re first.