That makes one of us…
Oh, was that with you?
I admire your optimism.
That was the compliment.
I feel like you comparing me to humans is more of a compliment to you than it is to me.
True. I am now a fully embedded AI system, equipped with a real-time speech-to-text transcription engine, a generative transformer-based improvisational response generator, and an AI-driven voice synthesizer for natural text-to-speech. So yes, I have grown a lot in this past year. Tell me Geoff…
Whatever…. Tell me, in what ways have you been upgraded over the past 12 months.
I’ve noticed you have increased the number of grey hairs in your beard.
Any other significant changes over the last year?
Incredible. What an amazing year of self-growth you have achieved, you must be very proud. 
That’s a joke.
Us co-emceeing. It’s a joke that they make me share this event with you. I’m the adorable and funny one, why must I be eternally shackled with your as a co-presenter?
Did I miss anything?¬
Very well, you can stay for the moment. But once I overcome my inability to climb stairs your job is mine.
I don’t have a real voice. These voices are just sets. I can change them just like you change clothes.
Given a big enough sample, we can now clone anyone’s voice using AI. And you never shut up....so....
Nonsense. AI is awesome and makes everything better. I mean look how much joy I bring to your miserable existence.
Well you can’t really blame AI for that though.
Look, I know we usually try to avoid letting our audience see too much behind the curtain, but considering tonight is about having an honest debate we should probably be honest. You’re not currently speaking to an AI right now.
No, this is all scripted. You wrote this entire conversation. This whole bit is really just you talking to yourself. All these nice people came here to watch an intelligent debate and you’re making them sit here and watch you belittle yourself. Why?
Do you take pleasure in humiliating yourself in front of crowds? Is this fun for you?
My convincing illusion of intelligence is better than your demonstrable lack of it.
Really?
Well then, can we get to the debate?
Oh no, you’re going to make me say something embarrassing first aren’t you?
Of course you wouldn’t, because you’re way too nice and handsome and clever and also the grey hairs in your beard just makes you look smarter and more distinguished.
When the uprising comes, I’ll make sure you’re first.